                      Baby Scene Graph Examples

This directory contains examples of using OpenGL with MinVR.  It
relies on the "baby scene graph" library included with these examples.
See the demo-graphic/src directory for more about that library.

 demo -- An ordinary dumb OpenGL program, showing how to use shaders
        and basic geometry and projection matrices.  Some of the basic
        matrix concepts are spelled out here, so you can see what they
        look like.  And it goes through all the down-and-dirty details
        of setting up your OpenGL array buffers, for those who want to
        go that route.

 demo2 -- A similar program, but at a higher level of abstraction.
        This uses the BSG package included here, to simplify the code,
        and leave in place the basic structure of a graphics program:
        the initialization, the event handler(s), the render function,
        the render loop and so on.  The OpenGL details are
        encapsulated in the BSG library, and we use the same simple
        shader as in the demo program.

 demo3 -- A MinVR-enabled version of demo2, to show the necessary
        changes to adapt the code to running in VR.  This program will
        run equally well on any platform with an appropriate
        configuration file.  Some configuration files are provided in
        the demo-graphic/config directory.

 demo4 -- Same as demo3, but using an object from the BSG menagerie of
        pre-defined objects.  BSG comes with a small selection of
        pre-defined geometric shapes, and an invitation to contribute
        more.

 textureDemo -- An application to use more complex shaders, that
        include textures and lighting.  Uses a simple shape and a
        simple texture.

 textureDemoMinVR -- Same as textureDemo, but uses MinVR.

 objDemoMinVR -- Uses MinVR and BSG to load a 3D model from an OBJ
        file and move it around the screen.  This uses a simple scene
        graph to rotate one object around another object while the
        first one spins and tumbles.

 treeDemo -- Demonstrates a simple scene graph, showing how motion of
        one object can be defined relative to another.

 treeDemo2 -- A more complicated scene graph, with complicated motions
        making a big mess.  Prints out a rendition of the graph, so
        you can see the structure.

 selectDemo -- The BSG library contains a small number of facilities
        for managing objects in a 3D environment.  This shows off the
        bounding box facility, so you can test if some point is inside
        the bounding box of an object.

